These are some settings we're planning on implementing in the future.
I'm keeping them in this file for reference

```javascript
anonymous_users: {type: Boolean, default: false},
block_mute_enabled: {type: Boolean, default: false},
comment_count: {type: Boolean, default: false},
comment_editing_enabled: {type: Boolean, default: false},
comments_hidden: {type: Boolean, default: false},
community_guidelines: {type: Boolean, default: false},
detailed_flags: {type: Boolean, default: false},
emojis_enabled: {type: Boolean, default: false},
following: {type: Boolean, default: false},
likes_enabled: {type: Boolean, default: false},
mentions: {type: Boolean, default: false},
nested_replies: {type: Boolean, default: false},
notification_timeout: {type: Number, default: 4500},
permalinks: {type: Boolean, default: false},
post_button_text: {type: String, default: 'Post'},
pseudonyms: {type: Boolean, default: false},
public_profile: {type: Boolean, default: false},
reactions_enabled: {type: Boolean, default: false},
reply_button_text: {type: String, default: 'Reply'},
rich_content: {type: Boolean, default: false},
show_staff_picks: {type: Boolean, default: false},
up_down_voting: {type: Boolean, default: false},
user_badges: {type: Boolean, default: false},
user_mods_enabled: {type: Boolean, default: false},
user_stats_enabled: {type: Boolean, default: false}
```
